We're averaging about 300 barrels a day.
That's a pretty steep increase.
Don't worry. He's got it.
You're sure givin' him a long leash.
I know what I'm doing.
My regulation license.
How are the kids?
Well. oldest is off to college.
That'll cost you.
You're telling me.
This will help.
Sign here.
Was I making you nervous?
How did that go?
We've got State sign-off
for the next 12 months.
I'm gonna need you
to slow down our output.
We're generating more cash
than I can safely move.
You're welcome.
Don't get cocky.
Confidence is currency.
No. John. Currency is currency.
What?
You could have told me
we were coming here.
It's just a quick stop.
You know I don't want
anything to do with this.
Which part?
This. Her. All of it.
Come on. Trust me.
We got a good thing going here.
This is not going to end well.
How long has he been like that?
Couple hours.
What'd you get?
Nothing. He's not talking.
This was in his wallet.
All right. Get the toolbox out of the truck.
They did a real number on you?
No. look at me. Mr. Miller?
Look at me. Mr. Miller.
My name's Dutch.
And I… I work for the woman
who put that bullet in your foot.
Here. You want one?
What?
You want one?
- No.
- I'm trying to quit smoking.
It's…
So. the woman I work for.
she is a mother
who is trying to find her son.
Something chemical happens.
something animalistic.
when a mother is separated from her young.
I'd help you. if I could.
I swear. I don't know the guy.
See. the thing about
a broken nose isn't so much the pain…
…although it hurts like hell.
But it also changes your breathing because
you're only breathing from your mouth now.
So. let's see if we could.
you know. speed things up here.
What?
God. No. no. no. no. no.
My God. No. please.
Please. I…
- No. Please don't...
- Cary Masterson.
I don't… I d… I don't know him.
I don't know him. I don't know.
We know Cary came to see you.
No.
We know what you do.
Did you make a new ID for Cary Masterson?
I don't make IDs. man.
I don't know. I just fucking…
No. this is all a big mistake.
My God. God. Nope.
Please. Please.
Please. No.
Hey.
Morning.
How was your ride?
It was lovely. Really cleared my head.
So. no luck?
- Please. I beg you. I don't know.
- Yeah. he doesn't know anything.
That's a bummer.
- Just finish him quietly.
- W-What?
- I don't want to spook the horses.
- D-Don't go.
- Of course.
- God. No. come back.
What about me?
No.
I don't. I… Please. I beg you.
I don't know. I don't know him.
I don't… I don't know...
You have a collect call
from an inmate at LOMPOC Federal Prison.
John Armstrong.
Press one to accept.
- Dad.
- Been trying you.
- I need you to tell me what to do.
- You okay?
- I'm not gonna make it.
- Of course you're going to make it.
You don't… You don't get it.
People are dying. Dad.
No. not on the phone.
Figure out your next move.
Get somewhere safe.
Next time I call you.
be in a better place. Say it back to me.
- I'm gonna be in a better place.
- Say it back to me.
I'm gonna be in a better place.
Lucky?
How come everything
this girl touches goes up in flames?
She could be anywhere right now.
Look. I know this isn't what you want
to hear...
Then don't tell me.
So. we dug up a reservation
at this car rental company in Vegas.
- We already found the car.
- No. this is a different one.
It's booked under Priscilla's name
and it's the same day
they arrived in Vegas.
I think that's the car that Cary left in.
So. maybe we should pivot.
- Pivot?
- Yes.
Now is not the time to pivot.
She was just here. We're close.
We're no closer than we were in Vegas.
You're already on thin ice with Kershaw.
You let me worry about Kershaw.
I would if you did.
You just keep ignoring procedure. Rand.
I know you think
that's what makes you good.
but this is twice now
she's gotten away from you.
We need to be operating
on facts. not feelings.
Sometimes a feeling is all you got.
I'm just gonna pretend
like you didn't just say that.
Gates!
- You want to pursue the car rental?
- Yes.
Pursue the car rental.
But you watch who you're talking to.
- I'm just looking out for you. ma'am.
- You're looking out for you.
It's probably a mistake.
Which part?
Asking him to choose
between his mother and his wife.
Had he chosen her.
she wouldn't have been out in the desert…
Alone like that.
You could be right.
I thought for sure that she'd turned him.
but now I…
I saw it on her face.
She doesn't know where he is any…
any more than we do.
So. what happened?
What could possibly have happened?
Well. maybe he flashed some cash
to the wrong people. Got rolled?
And what? They killed him?
Why was his car in Long Beach?
Throw us off. maybe.
I don't know.
I…
I'm gonna take a long shower
and I'm gonna think about what to do next.
And you're gonna take care
of that poor schmuck in the stables.
There's no one in the stables.
Schmucks or otherwise.
I got sloppy.
Your son is missing.
Anything goes. until he ain't.
And Lucky?
What's her angle?
We'll ask her when we find her.
Here you go. Enjoy.
You ready? Yeah. you're ready. Okay.
My God.
- Hey. can I help you?
- My God. Thank you.
- I got you.
- Thank you.
The things women hold.
Have I seen you at school before?
No. I don't think so.
Naomi just hired me to help with the kids.
- Let me grab that for you.
- Thank you.
- Yep.
- Hey. little man.
Wanna take my hand?
- Sure.
- Okay. let's go.
Happy birthday to Marcus.
- Yep.
- Are you excited?
Do you think there'll be
some birthday cake?
Cake.
Cake is good.
Especially the frosting.
- The frosting is delicious. isn't it?
- Yeah.
Okay. honey. Why don't you go play
with your mama?
Don't worry about this.
You guys enjoy the party.
There we go.
All right. Lucky. Where are you?
Come on.
There we go.
Where are you? Where are you?
There you are.
Okay.
My God.
Nice dress.
Don't worry about it. We've all done it.
It's a ridiculous spread.
Right?
I mean. she told me to come up here
because. you know…
I spilled a little wine. you know? But I
did not expect that it was going to be…
Fucking Bergdorf Goodman?
- Yeah.
Take a Birkin while you're at it.
She won't notice.
Plus. Neil's gonna get everything
in the divorce anyway.
I heard.
Poor Naomi.
It's for the best.
Neil is human sandpaper.
Yeah. It's…
Something in the way he chews. right?
- It's very pronounced.
- My God.
I have had to fake a migraine
just to get out of dinner with them.
I understand that.
- You look gorgeous in that dress.
- Thanks. I mean…
Yeah. a… Actually.
could you help me with it?
I'm not really sure how
my dress is supposed to go.
- Like is it…
- Yeah.
That's right.
Your dress.
What's your name?
- Sharon.
- Hey. Sharon. I'm Amy.
- There we go. One more.
- Let me see.
- Yeah.
- Sharon.
See?
This way.
- Where's my purse?
- You got it?
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Okay. Okay. Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Let's do a shot. Yes!
- That's a great idea.
- It's ridiculous
I even drive to these things.
I always end up Ubering.
- I love your dress.
- Excuse me.
- Thank you so much. I appreciate you.
- Come on. Come on.
Don Julio for the ladies.
Sharon. you are so fun.
- Thank you. You're fun.
- Thank you for this. I needed it.
- To you.
Yeah.
You see those gifts over there?
You're gonna grab any cards
that aren't attached to presents.
Those are the ones with cash.
Then. hit the purses.
They're gonna see me.
No. they're not.
You're going to be invisible.
How am I going to be invisible?
I'm not even invited to this party.
Invisibility is a matter of environment.
- Watch very closely.
- And at a kid's birthday party…
Very slowly…
…the most invisible thing is a kid.
Okay.
Not yet.
Now.
Welcome to the fun
Where the free market won.
And money is a crown.
And nothing trickles down
That isn't bleeding.
Hungry little ants
With their hands down their pants.
Wanna take care of themselves.
Before everybody else. a little greedy.
They get so good at thievin'
That they never stop believin'
That it's mine. mine. mine. mine
Mine. mine. mine.
Mine. mine. mine. mine
Mine. mine. mine. mine. mine. mine.
Mine. mine. mine.
Mine. mine. mine. mine
Mine. mine. mine. mine. mine. mine.
Starting route to 418 Baxter Street.
Go straight on Pacific Coast Highway
for ten miles.
Did you find what you were looking for?
You always use bleach
when you clean your stables?
I wouldn't know.
I leave that to the ranch hands.
Yeah.
I know you don't like
to get your hands dirty.
I think if you were here to tell me
that my son is dead.
you would knock on the front door.
I don't know where Cary is.
But I do know…
I do know that he's in a lot of trouble.
Tell me. Agent Rand. Do you have kids?
Of course you won't answer.
because you're afraid I'd come after them
the way you're coming after mine.
Your son is a grown man.
A grown-ass man.
who made his own decision.
Yeah. why are you here. Agent Rand?
Just following up on a lead.
Yeah. that's bullshit.
This isn't about Cary.
This is about you and me.
I was a career-making bust for you
and it didn't stick.
It'll stick this time.
Yeah. You see. that was…
That was a federal agent…
Your people ran over.
One of my agents.
I'm sure I don't know
what you're talking about.
But we both know that if you had anything
on me. you'd be arresting me.
All in due time. I could arrest Dutch
right now if I wanted to.
Unfortunately he's not here.
Really? Because he was driving
that truck right there last night.
Did he commit a crime?
Many.
But I'm going to leave him alone.
I'm gonna let him help you
dig your hole a little deeper.
You want it too badly. Agent Rand.
Maybe.
We know…
That you rented that car for Cary.
And we're gonna find him.
And you better hope we find him
before Whittaker does.
That car's a dead end.
Really?
What about Lucky?
What about her?
You really don't know.
After Dutch shot up
the service station last night.
Lucky hitched a ride
in the bed of his truck.
That truck right there.
The one you say you know nothing about.
She was right under your nose…
The whole time.
Priscilla.
I'll see myself out.
GPS from Cary Masterson's
rental car is coming your way.
It's a dead end.
Just because following his car is my plan
doesn't mean you should dismiss it.
Gates. the car lead
is not going anywhere. He ditched it.
How do you know?
It doesn't matter.
So where does that leave us?
I want you to check every car dealership
in southern California.
I want a list of everybody who paid cash
for a car in the last two days.
What makes you think he bought a new car?
He's a 29-year-old man with
$10 million burning a hole in his pocket.
Call it a feeling.
Hello?
You lost?
Yeah. Maybe. A little.
You know what. don't worry about it.
This was a complete waste of time.
This was a mistake.
Why are you here?
'Cause I was told maybe you could help me.
Or somebody here could.
Maybe. Depends on what you need.
I…
Need to become someone else.
How'd you find me?
Honestly. some guy on Reddit.
- Reddit?
- Yeah. I know.
I just didn't know where to look.
I have never done this before.
Yeah. Most people haven't.
Right.
Why do you want to disappear?
Does it really matter?
It will help me to know what you need.
Right. Well. I need a divorce.
- I'm not a lawyer.
- Yes.
But I'm looking for something permanent.
Don't want his name. don't want my name.
Nothing that ties me to what I've become.
Or what he's turned me into.
Sorry. I wasn't ready for that.
Sorry. You ready?
What kind of people come to you?
Is there really a kind?
Some need health insurance.
Some want to hide money
in banks with another name.
Most just want to get into a bar.
So not everyone's running?
No.
I think. deep down.
we all want freedom from ourselves.
Have you ever heard
of punctuated equilibrium?
No.
It's an evolutionary theory.
Extreme circumstances
require radical change.
If you want to survive. at least.
Here. These are misprints.
I use them as examples of what I can do.
See what you like.
Thank you.
I'm gonna need a legit address
from you for the ID
so I can link credit cards to it.
Right.
So do you know where you're going?
Yeah.
- Hello?
- Hey. kid.
- Dad?
- I got a burner phone.
Now we can talk freely.
Well. I found him.
He changed his name. got a new ID.
But I have his address.
and I am gonna get it back.
Everything he stole from us. Dad.
I'm getting it back.
Okay. Okay. good. Now. take a breath.
- What do you mean? I'm fine.
- Honey.
you just got confirmation
the man you love screwed you over.
You don't think
you might be a little emotional?
Can you just try
and not coach me right now?
I… I swear I have it.
This is about the money now.
You pick your moment.
and then. like Zorro. you get in.
you make your little "Z".
and you get the fuck out.
Do not get it in your head
to have some kind of reckoning
with him over this. Do you understand?
Nothing he says will be good enough.
And if he's willing to do this to you.
we don't know what else
he's willing to do. right?
Lucky?
Yes. Yes. I got it. In and out.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
- What are you staring at? Come on. What?
- No.
No… You remind me of someone.
- And…
- That's all.
Is that a good thing?
It was. Up until a few days ago.
- Tough breakup?
- Yeah. you have no idea.
Well. I don't know what he did to you…
Make it two.
But. in my experience.
and this is what I have to offer.
if he didn't treat you well. then it's
more about his damage than yours.
You know?
Yeah.
That was… Thank you so much.
I needed somebody
to say that to me today. Wow.
Validation from strangers
is as objective as it gets.
So don't take it lightly. honestly.
And you know what else they say?
- No. what do they say?
- Yes.
They say that living well
is the best revenge…
…and we're gonna say
good riddance to bad rubbish.
- Fuck yeah. Great.
- Yeah.
You good?
- Yep. I…
- Okay.
I need to go home. I need to go.
Well. look. the ride shares here
can take like an hour to show up.
But my office is. like…
I have an office. like. across the street.
I can take you there. I'll make you coffee.
I can call you a car service from there.
It's safe. it's warm.
Thought about it. Okay. listen up. Focus.
I may be drunk.
but you don't wanna mess with me.
I can see that.
That's a bad idea.
This is us.
Well…
Nice view.
Thank you.
Well. what do you do. fancy-pants?
Real estate.
He does real estate.
I do real estate.
La-di-da.
Can I get you a nightcap? You want scotch?
I mean. what's one more drink?
- Scotch.
- Well. I mean.
it's just one more drink. I guess.
- Exactly.
- Right.
Drink.
- Thank you.
- Now. come here.
You're single. right?
Yes. I am. How could you tell?
Well. no ring.
No pictures.
I can read the room.
I'm very. very good at that.
You are?
You know what else you are?
Shit-faced?
No. I was gonna say beautiful.
Well. that's nice.
- You're so fucking hot.
- Okay.
No. no. no. No. no. Wait. wait…
No. no. no.
Ew. I need to call…
I need to call my roommate.
- Jesus. Down. boy.
- Okay.
Can I use your phone?
- I'm pretty sure my one's dead.
- What?
- Why?
- Yeah. 'cause my phone's dead.
- Okay.
- We'll call my roommate. Do the thing.
- you know.
- Okay. Yeah. of course.
Thank you.
Here. One second. Here.
Thank you so much.
I thought you said your phone was dead.
You also thought I was drunk.
Wrong. On both counts.
I just texted myself your wife's
information. Beautiful. by the way.
You know. just to tell her
that you were about to force yourself
onto an inebriated woman in your office.
Do you wanna FaceTime her together?
That could be cute.
What the fuck is happening?
- What are you talk...
- Well. it's called a shakedown. Eric.
And trust me. you're gonna get off light.
Just give me the access codes
and keys to one of your lease properties.
and I will be out of your hair forever.
The fuck is wrong with you?
Plenty.
But honestly. dude.
right now it's about your damage not mine.
Hey.
You don't sound like yourself.
I'm tired and I'm in a mood.
I'm pretty sure I do.
Well. you're gonna like
what I have to say.
Try me.
I see you. boy.
I know the clock is ticking.
Spare me the threats.
Your tone…
Makes me wonder if you are feeling
the gravity of this situation.
You were right.
Cary did buy a car. all cash.
It says here
it was a blue Heritage Bronco.
- You sure?
- I'm positive. One hundred percent.
You lost ten million dollars.
Believe me. I get it.
I didn't lose anything. You lost it.
And you know
this isn't just about the money.
It's about a zero-tolerance policy.
No one steals from me.
Wayne. this is my son.
I know. Which is why I'm telling you
right now that it would be a mistake
for you to worry about him.
when you should be worrying about me.
because there is only one version of this
that still has you breathing when it's over.
Tell me you understand.
I understand.
You got a license plate I can run?
No. I can do you one better.
I got his new ID.
Meet me at the office.
Got a pen?
I found your boy.
What in the world is happening?
What in the world could this be?
I'm on the verge of an awakening.
A new kind of strength for me
I feel a force I've never felt before
I don't want to fight it anymore.
Feelings so strong Can't be ignored
I burst out I'm transformed.
I feel a force I've never felt before
I don't want to fight it anymore.
Feelings so strong Can't be ignored.
And laugh in the face that is vulture law
I burst out I'm transformed.
I feel a force.
I just want I just want